Improve FLP specification (#429)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

        # means `poly_interp()` can be evaluated using the NTT. Note
        # that `g.wires[j]` is padded with 0s to a power of 2.
        alpha = self.field.gen() ** (self.field.GEN_ORDER // p)
        wire_inp = [alpha ** k for k in range(p)]
        wire_polys = []
        for j in range(g.ARITY):
            wire_poly = poly_interp(self.field, wire_inp, g.wires[j])
            wire_polys.append(wire_poly)

        # Compute the gadget polynomial by evaluating the gadget on
        # the wire polynomials. By construction we have that
        # `gadget_poly(alpha^k)` is the `k`-th output.
        gadget_poly = g.eval_poly(self.field, wire_polys)

        for j in range(g.ARITY):
            proof.append(g.wires[j][0])
        proof += gadget_poly

    return proof
~~~

#### Query Generation {#flp-bbcggi19-construction-query}

~~~~
      proof (share)
+---------|--------+
| Query   |        |
| +-------|-----+  |
| | Valid |     |<---- meas (share)
| | +-----V--+  |<---- joint rand
| | | Gadget |  |  |<- query rand
| | +--------+  |  |
| +-------------+  |
+------------------+
 |
 V verifier (share)
~~~~
{: title="Components of the query generation algorithm."}

> The query generation algorithm invokes the validity circuit on the encoded

Author: The term comes from from {{BBCGGI19}}: the query generation algorithm generates a "query", a matrix that we multiply the input + proof by to get the verifier. You're right that we're overloading this term quite a bit.

I'm down with disambiguating. "query algorithm" sounds perfectly fine to me.

> The query generation algorithm invokes the validity circuit on the encoded

Author: Done.

measurement and joint randomness. It evaluates the gadget polynomials
encoded by the proof (share) to produce (a share of) each gadget output. The
verifier (share) consists of (a share of) the validity circuit's output and (a
share of) each gadget test. The gadget tests consume the query randomness.

The goal of each gadget test is to ensure the inputs used by the prover to
generate the gadget polynomial matches the inputs we used to evaluate it. We do
this by partially reconstructing the gadget polynomial and evaluate it a random
point: when we evaluate the gadget polynomial at the same point, we expect to
get the same result.

To start a gadget test, we first construct the (shares of the) wire polynomials
just as the prover did. First, we record `g.wires[j][k]` as the input (share)
of the `j`-th wire of the `k`-th invocation of the gadget. Again, this is
accomplished by a wrapper gadget, `QueryGadget`, listed in {{gadget-wrappers}}.

> This gadget also evaluates the gadget proof for each gadget invocation. Then we

Author: Actually instead of "gadget proof", I think this should say "gadget polynomial". Does this make more sense?
```suggestion
This gadget also evaluates the gadget polynomial for each gadget invocation. Then we
```

> This gadget also evaluates the gadget proof for each gadget invocation. Then we

Reviewer: SGTM, elaborated a bit more here
```suggestion
This gadget also evaluates the gadget polynomial for each gadget invocation in order to produce the gadget's output. Then we
```

Rothstein, Shan Wang, Xiao Wang, Bas Westerbaan, and Christopher Wood for
useful feedback on and contributions to the spec.

# FLP Gadget Wrappers {#gadget-wrappers}

> {:numbered="false"}

Author: This triggers the following error:
```
Error: Did not expect a numbered section after an unnumbered section (seen on line 6725)
```

TBH I don't see a good reason to remove the numbers from the sections, so I just moved this line from each appendix section. The new table of contents is:

```
   Appendix A.  Acknowledgments
   Appendix B.  FLP Gadget Wrappers
   Appendix C.  Test Vectors
     C.1.  Prio3Count
     C.2.  Prio3Sum
     C.3.  Prio3SumVec
     C.4.  Prio3Histogram
     C.5.  Poplar1
   Authors' Addresses
```

I suppose it's a bit odd to have a numbered appeendix for the acknowledgements .. perhaps we can move this to an unnumbered section just before "Authors' Addresses". Will file an issue to track.
